Q1: What is the Gotei 13?
A: The Gotei 13 are an elite group of shinigami, also known also soul reapers, 
who serve to protect the world of the living, and the afterlife known as the Soul Society
by leading lost souls to the Soul Society and cleansing beings known as Hollows. There are 13 
divisions each with their own captain, vice captain, and seats under them.

Q2: What are Hollows?
A: Hollows are lost souls who have left unpurified and have been corrupted by evil. Hollows
attack those in the world of the living and the Soul Society.

Q3: Who is the leader of the Gotei 13?
A: Kyoraku Shunsui is the captain of the First Division and the defacto Captain-Commander of
the Gotei 13.

Q4: What is the First Division of the Gotei 13?
A: The First Division of the Gotei 13 is reconized as the most prestigous division, housing only the most seasoned
shinigami. The current captain of the

Q5: What is the Second Division of the Gotei 13?
A: The Second Division of the Gotei 13 is the designated as the Stealth Operation division, specializing in reconnasince,
stealth, and assasination. It's current captain is Soi-Fon and its vice captain is Marechiyo Ōmaeda.

Q7: What is Soi-Fon's shikai?
A: Soi-Fon's shikai is Suzumebachi, which allows her to instantly kill an oppoent if she strikes them in the same place twice.

Q6: What is Soi-Fon's bankai?
A: Her bankai, Jakuhō Raikōben, allows her to fire a single use but incredibly destructive missile from an attatchment
on her arm.

Q7: What is Omaeda's shikai?
A: Omaeda's shikai is Gegetsuburi, which transforms his katana into a giant spiked flail that can be used
in close quarters and also thrown at opponents.

Q7: What is Omaeda's bankai?
A: Omaeda has not used his bankai so far, it is unclear if he has achived bankai or not.

Q8: What is the Third Division of the Gotei 13?
A: The Third Division of the Gotei 13 has no specified duties, besides the general protection
of the Soul Society. It's current captain is Rōjūrō Ōtoribashi, and its vice-captain is Izuru Kira.

Q9: What is Rōjūrō Ōtoribashi's shikai?
A:
